the Joan Rivers show I am talking to
Dame Edna Everage about her exciting
international Jet Set life and the
people she meets that come on a show you
would tell us about the affair between
Julia Roberts and Boris Yeltsin and I
found that fascinating well it is
fascinating but unfortunately not
strictly true you know it was little
Leona Helmsley that he was having an
affair with it's not true that she's a
bad tipper it's not Judy Foster our
daughter now I bring out the hidden
qualities of people and Faye Dunaway's
humility I managed to I managed to cope
to the surface they don't weigh either
wonderful people I just adore them I do
the queen is a very good friend of mine
the Queen so wonder she hasn't mentioned
it to me James we're very weak near the
same birthday she in a house that's
tomorrow Queen's birthday is tomorrow
which I've got a go we spend it together
would you do me a favor and would you
take over my show so I can go to England
and be there with the Queen this is a
dream come true
opossums this is the David Michelle I've
just been talking to goodness what's
that woman's name my next guest is
Johnny Carson
Kennedy right can we stop for a piston
head you know if every touch just hurry
up Liz hi homegirl I'm calling from the
flames 462 in dog years you CNA and way
you're good crown parrots can you ever
be Howard just find what she doesn't
have already I know I'll get us
something nice and class nothing jeepers
where she she's already got further boy
you talk about luck eclectic crowd this
was she's gonna love it
go on more great gift and human cigars
and a push-up bra this is my day it's
big bed she I get don't make clocks as
well as rice
there's a sex shop somewhere around here
that my mother family or honeymoon there
it is okay hello now listen I think I'll
take that I think pigfoot the one that
says batteries not needed the Turbo
Power
could you show me out where
oh thank you yes of course I'll be back
when I meet somebody
I'll be doing very you come on let's
make a turn here we go come on
are you sure Shh
your Royal Highnesses ladies and
gentlemen the management of the Queens
Theatre requests that there is no sir